# TFT_Tracker

This is currently an unfinished project.

The Team Fight Tactics (TFT) Account Tracker and Probability Calculator is an ongoing project with the goal of analyzing account data using **Riot Games Developer API** and A probability calculator that is meant to be used for theory crafting or live game use. 

The trackers main goal is to analyzing the users information such as:
- Winrate% or top4%
- Best Units (highest performing unit)
    - unit with most kills
    - unit with most wins
    - unit with most Top 4's
    - best performing build/items on said unit
- Worst units (worst performing unit)
    - etc.
- Performance throughout each stage of the game
- etc.

And use the information to help the player understand their playstyle, or what works/ does not work for them in order to hopefully increase performance and understanding of the game. 
In terms of development, the main language used is Python, using things like simple 2D arrays and dictionaries to manage the mass amount of data as well as a multitude of functiosn to sift through the data to get what we want. Th Riot API has its own functions as well and is access via unique developer key, that is autogenerated/replaced every few days. 

The main goal of the Probability Calculator is to use it in-game as the game of TFT is very mathmematical, and heavility based on statistics, luck and stratigic calculations/decisions. The calculator will take user inputs like:
- what unit are they looking for
- how many are taken out of the pool (pool meaning the total limited amount of that unit left availiable)
- what augments do they have (augments are essentially power ups)
- what level are they (effecting their odds)
- etc..

The math for these calculations are calculated with various statistic and math formulas ie Demorgans law, Compliment, Perms and Comms, Pascals identity etc.

The origin behind this project is, I myself play this game quite often however like many competitive games, soemtimes the game can be difficult. So i wanted to be able to make a tool to help me improve my performance. Best way to do that is to reflect on the data of my games to see what is best for me. The calculator also helps with calculating the ever changing odds in the game.

Any questions please Email anekin03@gmail.com
